add first time submission info (#9)
CDCgov/covid19-forecast-hub: README.md

Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting forecasts are available in the [`model-output` directory README](model-output/README.md). Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting model metadata can be found in the [`model-metadata` directory README](model-metadata/README.md).

## Suggested workflow for first time submitters
First-time pull requests (PRs) into the Hub repository must be reviewed and merged manually; subsequent ones can be merged automatically if they pass appropriate checks. 

>  We suggest that teams submitting for the first time make a PR adding their model metadata file to the [`model-metadata` directory](model-metadata) by 4 PM USA Eastern Time on the Wednesday they plan to submit their first forecast. This will ensure that subsequent PRs submitting forecasts can be merged automatically before the submission deadline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We suggest that teams submitting for the first time make a PR adding their model metadata file to the [`model-metadata` directory](model-metadata) by 4 PM USA Eastern Time on the Wednesday they plan to submit their first forecast. This will allow subsequent PRs that submit forecasts to be merged automatically, provided checks pass.
```

Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting forecasts are available in the [`model-output` directory README](model-output/README.md). Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting model metadata can be found in the [`model-metadata` directory README](model-metadata/README.md).

> ## Suggested Workflow for firstime submitters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Suggested workflow for first time submitters
```

> We suggest teams submit an initial pull request (PR) with model metadata to the [`model-metadata` directory](model-metadata) by 4 PM USA Eastern Time on Wednesday. This will ensure that subsequent PRs with forecasts can be merged automatically before the submission deadline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First-time pull requests (PRs) into the Hub repository must be reviewed and merged manually; subsequent ones can be merged automatically if they pass appropriate checks. 

 We suggest that teams submitting for the first time make a PR adding their model metadata file to the [`model-metadata` directory](model-metadata) by 4 PM USA Eastern Time on the Wednesday they plan to submit their first forecast. This will ensure that subsequent PRs submitting forecasts can be merged automatically before the submission deadline.
```
